# App Academy Prep

- [Week 0](./w0/)
- [Week 1](./w1/)
- [Week 2](./w2/)
- [Week 3](./w3/)
- [Week 4](./w4/)

Welcome to App Academy Prep! This course is designed to be completed
part-time, online, while you are employed, and should take four weeks to
complete. The course will take 15-20 hours a week; it will cover the
fundamentals of Ruby programming. TAs will hold office hours on
Monday-Thursday evenings; during that time, you have their undivided
attention. Take advantage of this resource and ask questions!

### Important Links: you MUST review all of the information covered here.

* [Machine Setup][machine-setup]
* [Recommended Workflow][workflow]

[machine-setup]: ./environment-setup.md
[workflow]: ./workflow.md

## Feedback

During App Academy Prep, we will ask you to give feedback on your
experience completing the project. You'll be asked to evaluate your
performance and understanding, as well as your interactions with the
instructional staff. We will also collect similar data during the
course. Your feedback helps us to improve the course and keep track of
how well people are keeping up with the material.

## Schedule

### Programming Exercises

App Academy Prep will span four weeks. You will be expected to do
readings and complete coding exercises each weeknight. We expect this
work to take about 2-3 hours for most students. During office hours
(6pm-8pm PDT), TAs will be available on the [App Academy
Slack][app-academy-slack] organization to take questions and provide
assistance.

[app-academy-slack]: https://app-academy.slack.com/

### Assessment 0

After going through the preparatory curriculum, students will take
Assessment 0, a sort of "dry run" of the assessments we will administer
throughout the course (nicknamed a01 through a06). We use the assessment
results to identify students who have fallen behind, and for whom App
Academy may not be the best environment. Your a00 performance won't be
used as a criterion to single out or dismiss you; but you can expect it
to paint a reliable picture of the difficulty of the class. If you want
to prepare yourself to start App Academy on the right foot (and you
should), then plan to re-take the assessment on your own until you feel
comfortable with the material and can complete it well within the time
limit.
