# Writing a Ruby Script

Some Ruby source files contain definitions of classes and methods
meant to be loaded by other Ruby code (called *library* files), while
others are intended to be executed as a program (called *script*
files).

If you have a file `script.rb`, our goal is to invoke the file by
typing `./script.rb` in the shell. The first step is to add a line
which tells the "shell" (bash or zsh) to use the Ruby interpreter to
run the code:

```ruby
#!/usr/bin/env ruby

puts "Hello from Ruby!"
```

The first line tells the shell to use the Ruby interpreter to run the
program. If you had written `#!/usr/bin/env perl` it would run your
program with the Perl interpreter. Without this, the shell will
interpret your program as a "shell script" (consisting of shell
commands) by default.

Next, we need to make the file *executable*, which tells the shell
that the file is safe to execute as a program. For instance, you
wouldn't want to run a Word document as a program. To make a program
executable, run `chmod +x script.rb` (the 'x' means *executable*).

You should now be able to run `./script.rb`.

### Conditional execution

Sometimes you want to write a Ruby file that can be used as a library,
but also invoked as a script. This is especially useful if you'd like
to `require` your script to test out in irb.

```ruby
#!/usr/bin/env ruby

def say_hello(name)
  puts "Hey there, #{name}!"
end

if $PROGRAM_NAME == __FILE__
  name = gets.chomp
  say_hello(name)
end
```

`__FILE__` is a special variable which holds the name of the Ruby
source file, `hello.rb`. `$PROGRAM_NAME` is a special variable that
contains the name of the executing program. If you invoke `./hello.rb`
as a script, this will be `./hello.rb`.

Only if you run `./hello.rb` will the two be equal, in which case the
script code is run.

If you merely load the script from pry, `$PROGRAM_NAME` will be
`"pry"`; the two will not be equal, and the script code won't run;
only the `say_hello` method will be defined.

This is desirable, because if you just want to load your code in pry
so you can test, you don't want your script code to start executing
right away.
